HADOOP-18320. Fixes typos in Delegation Tokens documentation. (#4499)
apache/hadoop: hadoop-tools/hadoop-aws/src/site/markdown/tools/hadoop-aws/delegation_tokens.md

so restrict how long an application can access AWS on behalf of a user.
Clients with this token have the full permissions of the user.

*Role Delegation Tokens:* These contain an "STS Session Token" requested by the
STS "Assume Role" API, so grant the caller to interact with S3 as specific AWS

> role, *with permissions restricted to purely accessing that specific S3 bucket*.

Reviewer: Maybe we can make it a bit clearer. It utilises a feature of STS allowing you to scope-down permissions which you can pass on.

```suggestion
*Role Delegation Tokens:* These contain an "STS Session Token" requested by the
STS "Assume Role" API, granting the caller permission to interact with S3 using a specific IAM
role, *with permissions restricted to accessing a specific S3 bucket*.
```

## <a name="background"></a> Background: Hadoop Delegation Tokens.

A Hadoop Delegation Token is a byte array of data which is submitted to
Hadoop services as proof that the caller has the permissions to perform
the operation which it is requesting —
and which can be passed between applications to *delegate* those permissions.

Tokens are opaque to clients. Clients simply get a byte array

> of data which they must provide to a service when required.

Reviewer: Since we are touching this line, add a line break before "Clients simply" to keep sentence diffs independent in future.

to access the relevant S3 buckets and associated services.

> They are obtained by requesting a delegation token from the S3A filesystem client.

Reviewer 2: Not sure why github not allowing me to comment at L82. 
Delegation "Token" support is

Reviewer 2: L106 -> These S3A Delegation Tokens are special in "a way" that

Reviewer 2: l120 : It -> it.

> Issued tokens may be included in job submissions, passed to running applications,
> etc. This token is specific to an individual bucket; all buckets which a client
> wishes to work with must have a separate delegation token issued.

Reviewer: I find this confusing in the context of delegated role tokens, where the token is _literally_ specific to an individual bucket.

Can we make this clearer while we are editing this paragraph?

```suggestion
Issued tokens may be included in job submissions, passed to running applications,
etc.
Delegation tokens are specific to an S3A filesystem.
Each filesystem a client wishes to work with must have a separate delegation token issued,
regardless of the delegation token variant.
```

Is it correct to describe them specific to a filesystem rather than the bucket?

Reviewer: Discussed offline - will leave it as is for now as the suggestion wouldn't be making it clearer.

### <a name="role-tokens"></a> S3A Role Delegation Tokens

A Role Delegation Token is created by asking the AWS
[Security Token Service](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/Welcome.html)

> for set of "Assumed Role" credentials, with an AWS account specific role for a limited duration.

Reviewer: Perhaps we can simplify.

```suggestion
for a set of "Assumed Role" session credentials with a limited lifetime, belonging to a given IAM Role.
```

> This role is restricted to only grant access the S3 bucket and all KMS keys.

Reviewer: We can be more explicit.

```suggestion
The resulting session credentials are restricted to grant access to all KMS keys, and to the specific S3 bucket.
```

> sets `hadoop.security.authentication` to to `kerberos` or another valid

Reviewer: duplicate 'to' in this line

```suggestion
sets `hadoop.security.authentication` to `kerberos` or another valid
```

authentication mechanism.

*Without enabling security at this level, delegation tokens will not
be collected.*

Once Kerberos is enabled, the process for acquiring tokens is as follows:

1. Enable Delegation token support by setting `fs.s3a.delegation.token.binding`
to the classname of the token binding to use.

> to use.

Reviewer: drop line 194?

```suggestion
1. Enable Delegation token support by setting `fs.s3a.delegation.token.binding`
to the classname of the token binding to use.
```

When the AWS credentials supplied to the Session Delegation Token binding

> through `fs.s3a.aws.credentials.provider` are themselves a set of

Reviewer 2: Something is off here, maybe "they themselves are part of session credentials."

Author: this seems fine to me as is. Maybe removing the themselves entirely would help, so it becomes "through `fs.s3a.aws.credentials.provider` are a set of", but personally feel it's clearer as is.

```

A JSON role policy for the role/session will automatically be generated which will

> consist of:

Reviewer: Add a new line below this too, otherwise markdown won't format it properly. (It is broken before your change)

```suggestion
consist of:

```

12h [In the IAM Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/roles),
or from the AWS CLI.

> Without increasing the duration of role, one hour is the maximum value;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without increasing the duration of the role, one hour is the maximum value;
```
